FCE-797/add backend framework examples (#46)
fishjam-cloud/documentation: docs/production/examples/fastapi.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: FastAPI
---

# FastAPI example

The example assumes you've already installed [**our SDK**](https://github.com/fishjam-cloud/python-server-sdk) and you're ready to go.  

> If you wish to see more general info, visit [**Setup your server**](/production/server) article.

Reviewer: **issue (if-minor):** Out-of-scope, but I've just noticed that we're using a noun like a verb here.
```suggestion
If you wish to see more general info, visit [**Set up your server**](/production/server) article.
```

## Minimal setup

As in the [**FastAPI docs**](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/tutorial/first-steps/), the code below can be copied and run immediately.
The `dotenv.load_dotenv()` invocation loads environment variables from a `.env` file.
Then, the `Depends` function allows the `FishjamClient` to be provided to route function as a dependency, which allows code deduplication and easy mocking.

```python
import os
import dotenv
from typing import Annotated
from fastapi import Depends, FastAPI
from fishjam import FishjamClient

> dotenv.load_dotenv()

Author: agreed
